Hi thank you for taking my C-Sharp basic's course.
Let me quickly give you an overview of what you're going to learn and how to structure a discourse in
the first section.
I'm going to talk about fundamentals of C-Sharp and Duckman.
One of the questions that a lot of beginners ask is What is the difference between C-Sharp and talkback
.
So I want to cover that.
I'm also going to talk about C-L our assemblies name spaces and code and stuff like that.
Then over the next two sections I'm going to talk about types and want to talk about primitive and primitive
types.
Now I this point you still cannot write any C-Sharp program but you have designed a number of quizzes
to help you reinforce what you want to learn then from Section 4 where I talk about control flow.
You're going to start writing simple programs.
And from that section on whereas in every section you're going to learn something new about C-Sharp
and you get to write more interesting programs.
And finally I'm going to conclude this course with a section on debugging.
So I'm going to show you some of the tools we have.
So when you have both in your code you know how to find them and get rid of them.
I'm also going to talk about some good programming practices that help you write better and more reliable
code.
So we have a lot to cover.
And let's get started.